.\" 42sh manual
.\" Contact comte_a ovejer_n roulli_a feldma_a chardo_j for any prupose or problem
.TH man 1 "Coded by: Les petits pédestres" "2.0" "42sh man page"
.SH NAME
42sh \- Epitech 42sh shell
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "./42sh [no_option]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
42sh is a basic shell. This is a project of the Epitech cursus also it is not fully functional as bash for example.
.SH OPTIONS
There is currently no option for the 42sh. But instaded there is many build like: cd exit yoda and more... For more information and an exsostive list please refere to the built-in section.
.SH BUILT-IN
.IP cd
use to move in the path or use
.BI "cd -"
to go back of your current location.
.IP echo
if you use
.BI "echo $VAR"
it will display the
.BI $VAR
witch is in the env or if you just give a string to echo it will put the string on the standard output.
.IP setenv
.BI "setenv $VAR"
"string" add the var
.BI "$VAR"
in the environment with the specified string.
.IP unsetenv
.BI "unsetenv $VAR"
erase the
.BI $VAR
of the actual environment.
.IP yoda
Just try it !
.SH CONF FILE
The file .myshrc is a file where you can add alias and export.
.IP alias
The synthax to use alias in the .myshrc file is like: 
.BI "alias alias_name=your command"
For example, if you want that when you type
.BI "la"
the 42sh execute
.BI "ls -la"
you have to use the right synthax in the .myshrc
.BI "alias la=ls -la".
.IP export
The
.BI "export"
command in the .myshrc can be used to add some variables in the env of the 42sh. As alias, there is a special synthax to use it. Here is an example.
.BI "export EDITOR=emacs"
will set emacs as the default editor in your env.
.SH BUGS
We know some bugs but we can't unveil them ! :p
